---
layout: single
title: About
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/about.jpg
permalink: /about/
toc: true
toc_label: "Content"
toc_sticky: true
toc_icon: "align-justify"
---

# Who we are

We are Bjoern and Kirthihan, two enthusiastic computer engineers with a passion
for embedded systems, digital design and efficient software programming. Our
journey together began when we studied electrical engineering at RWTH Aachen
University in Germany. At the Institute for Communication Technologies and
Embedded Systems, we worked as student assistants, where we contributed to
different projects in the fields of hardware accelerators for machine learning,
FPGA design, processor prototyping and embedded software. Nowadays, Bjoern works
as a firmware developer in the audio industry. Kirthihan works as a digital
hardware developer in the cybersecurity industry.

# What you can expect

There are already tons of good resources available. So you are probably
wondering why we are starting another blog. On the one hand, we love to work
together on electronic projects. On the other hand, we like to share our
knowledge with other people. That's why we created Bits&Volts.

We always had the feeling that the barrier to enter the field of electronics is
way higher than it should be. Even at university, we learned deep and complex
theory, while simple and practical aspects, like properly using Git, were never
explained. The tricky question is how to know what and where to look as a
beginner or student? How to distinguish between a good and a bad resource? It
often ended up doing things in a wrong or inefficient way, where we just wished
someone told us in advance.

To begin with, we introduce two categories: **Getting Started** and **Digital
Design**. In the former, we will share the knowledge that is useful to enter the
fields of electronics and computer engineering as well as fundamentals for other
blog categories. The latter is about digital design where we will explain the
fundamentals of building digital circuits. We will start with the basics such as
transistors and logic gates, then move up towards higher-level concepts, like
processors.

We try to start completely from the beginning so that everyone can follow. In
categories with more advanced topics, we try to fill in required prior knowledge
by pointing to other posts or external resources. Whether you are an absolute
beginner, an enthusiastic hobbyist, a passionate student, or even an experienced
engineer, our blog is for everyone.

In the future, we might add more categories, but for now, we will start with the
upper two. So, let's see where it takes us!

# How you can reach us

If you want to get in touch with us, there are several ways to do so. First of
all, you can comment below any of our posts. We highly appreciate any
constructive feedback, especially in the early stages of our blog. You can also
reach us via email at <contact@bitsandvolts.org>.

Make sure to follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/bitsandvolts) where we
share any news and updates regarding our blog.
